the staff is fine, I'm going to give a tip
for you how to turn a box
to lose you in a beautiful cut
make up
just learn how to do well with
he
We're going to need a wound box.
The Shea A Park Hinges Super Bonder
acetone year this milk pen in a
lighter
to start we'll unpack the box
taking this if paper that is in
return
to help remove the adhesive we
use affected then just play a
little return on top let them act
for a few seconds and which read
cloth scrub
now you're taking off as you want
company or with a fingernail with a cloth
now I just cleaned the area got clean
now we'll mark the two sides
from the box the way I did he looks
just the corner from both sides
now heating the stylus to
easy to break and cyclic looks good
easier
now we're going to take all this part
left behind
Let's cut this whole piece with
stylus still warm
we even repeat process until braille
every day
now just remove those agencies that
may have stayed
and was leasing
the next step will be to glue the hinges
in that part that we were going to die with
stiletto and with the aid of glue
We're going to go through all this and only
taking care not to stay in the
the middle one
now it's just coar holding movie well
because otherwise you can be slipping from
one side to the other
we do both sides
and it was neither as mobile as you can
to see
the next step is heart now shot
your creativity and do what you want
I put my name on it.
and stayed like this
now you have a box
acrylic for storing your socks
if you like the video click liked
if it is not yet written to the non-channel
stop signing up until the next
video bye